[ADD] events: event templates doc (#9076)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/marketing/events/event_templates.rst

   present the user with the *Create Template* pop-up window.

   The event template would have to be modified, by selecting it on the *Event Templates* page
   (:menuselection:`Events app --> Configuration --> Event Templates`).

Event template form
-------------------

All the fields on a standard :guilabel:`Event Template` form are *also* on the *Create Template*
pop-up window, accessible via the *Template* field on an event form.

.. image:: event_templates/event-template-form.png
   :align: center
   :alt: A standard event template form in the Odoo Events application.

Start by providing the event template with a name in the :guilabel:`Event Template` field, located
at the top of the form.

Beneath that field, there is a series of selectable checkboxes, all of which are related to how the
event menu will be displayed on the event web page.

- :guilabel:`Website Submenu`: Odoo presents an event-specific submenu of selectable options that
  are related to that specific event. When this checkbox is ticked, every other checkbox in this
  series is automatically ticked, as well. Users can then choose to untick (deselect) any of the

>   checkbox options, as desired.

Author: I completely understand the suggestion, however, since some readers may not be aware of the concept of a 'submenu' I am going to opt for the slightly more "elaborate" explanation here, just to ensure there is no confusion. That said, if I receive a similar comment about this, I'll be sure to implement your suggestion (and give you full credit 😄 )

  the event-specific registration page when clicked.

Once the desired checkboxes have been ticked, select an approrpriate :guilabel:`Timezone` for the
event from the available drop-down menu.

Then, for organizational purposes, users have the option to add :guilabel:`Tags` to this event
template.

There is also the option to :guilabel:`Limit Registrations` to this specific event template by
ticking that checkbox. If ticked, proceed to enter the number of :guilabel:`Attendees` this template
should be limited to.

Beneath those general information fields at the top of the event template form, there are five tabs:

- :ref:`Tickets <create_events/event_form_tickets>`
- :ref:`Communication <create_events/event_form/communication>`
- :ref:`Booths <event_templates/event_template_form/booths>`
- :ref:`Questions <create_events/event_form/questions>`
- :ref:`Notes <create_events/event_form/notes>`

.. _event_templates/event_template_form/booths:

Booths tab
~~~~~~~~~~

The :guilabel:`Booths` tab on an event template form is the only tab that differentiates itself from
a standard event form, where the other tabs (:guilabel:`Tickets`, :guilabel:`Communication`,

> :guilabel:`Questions`, and :guilabel:`Notes`) are present and configured using the same process.

Author: I added a line after the current paragraph with a link, as suggested. Thanks!

   specific configuration can be selected in the required *Product* field of a booth or booth
   category form.

.. note::
   Event booths can be created and customized in two ways in the Odoo *Events* application. Either
   in the :guilabel:`Booths` tab of an event template form, or by navigating to
   :menuselection:`Events app --> Configuration --> Booth Categories`.

To add a booth from the :guilabel:`Booths` tab of an event template form, click :guilabel:`Add a
line`. Doing so reveals a blank :guilabel:`Create Booths` pop-up window.

.. image:: event_templates/create-booths-popup.png
   :align: center
   :alt: A Create Booths pop-up window in the Odoo Events application.

Start by providing a :guilabel:`Name` for this booth in the corresponding field at the top of the
pop-up window.

Then, select an appropriate :guilabel:`Booth Category` from the drop-down field below. Booth
categories can be created and modified from the *Booth Categories* page in the *Events* application,
which is accessible by navigating to :menuselection:`Events app --> Configuration --> Booth
Categories`.

.. tip::

>    A :guilabel:`Booth Category` can be created directly from this field on the :guilabel:`Create

Reviewer: I was thinking about the info in the tip admonition – it's quite lengthy but seems really important. Maybe we could take it out of the tip block since it's not exactly extra info, and a "tip" usually implies something extra.

But since the tip covers various ways of creating a Booth category, I was thinking we could give "Booth Categories" its own dedicated subsection, maybe with an h5 tag (*****). What do you think?

Author: I opted for an admonition here, because once the brief tangent about Booth Categories is complete, I want the reader to know (both visually and procedurally) that they can pick up the next step process -- I feel like admonitions, like this, provide some much need "boundaries" for instances like this. That said, I agree, its on the "lengthier" side of things when it comes to admonition blocks -- but I think it still works. However, if it gets brought up once again in a review, I'll make some necessary adjustments, and again, give you full credit for pointing it out first 👍

   When all desired configurations are complete, click the :guilabel:`Save & Close` button.

   The same configurations and options are available by navigating to :menuselection:`Events app -->
   Configuration --> Booth Categories`, and clicking :guilabel:`New`.

Once the desired :guilabel:`Booth Category` is selected, the remaining fields on the
:guilabel:`Create Booths` pop-up window (:guilabel:`Currency`, :guilabel:`Product`, and
:guilabel:`Price`) autopopulate, based on information configured for that selected :guilabel:`Booth
Category`.

.. note::
   These fields **cannot** be modified from the :guilabel:`Create Booths` pop-up window. They can
   only be modified from the specific booth category form page.

When all desired configurations are complete, click :guilabel:`Save & Close` to save the booth, and
return to the event template form. Or, click :guilabel:`Save & New` to save the booth, and start
creating another booth on a fresh :guilabel:`Create Booths` pop-up window. Click :guilabel:`Discard`
to remove all changes, and return to the event template form.

Once the booth has been saved, it appears in the :guilabel:`Booths` tab on the event template form.

> Use event templates

Reviewer: I like how you included how to use the template after showing how to set it up! (:

===================

Once an event template is complete, it is accessible on all event forms in the Odoo *Events*
application.

> To use an event template, navigate to :menuselection:`Events app --> New` to open a new event form.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use an event template, navigate to the :menuselection:`Events app` and click :guilabel:`New` to open a new event form.
```

===============
Event templates
===============

The Odoo *Events* application provides users with the ability to customize and configure event
templates, which can be used to expedite the event-creation process.

These templates can be created and personalized in the application, and then selected from an event
form, in order to quickly apply a series of settings and elements to the new event, all of which can
be further modified, if needed.

Event templates page
====================

In the Odoo *Events* application, event templates can quickly be created and modified.

To begin, navigate to :menuselection:`Events app --> Configuration --> Event Templates`. Doing so

> reveals the :guilabel:`Event Templates` page. Here, users can find all the existing event templates

Reviewer 2: suggestion: don't need "users" to complete the sentence.
```suggestion
reveals the :guilabel:`Event Templates` page. Here, find all the existing event templates
```

in the database.

.. image:: event_templates/event-templates-page.png
   :align: center
   :alt: The Event Templates page in the Odoo Events application.

> By default, Odoo provides users with three pre-configured event templates: :guilabel:`Exhibition`,

Reviewer 2: Same here: don't need "users" or any other pronouns to complete the sentence.
Consider removing doc-wide.

```suggestion
By default, Odoo provides three pre-configured event templates: :guilabel:`Exhibition`,
```

> :guilabel:`Training`, and :guilabel:`Sport`. All of these pre-configured event templates that Odoo
> provides by default have their own unique customizations applied to them.

Reviewer 2: can remove the redundancy and tie the two sentences together 🤞 
```suggestion
:guilabel:`Training`, and :guilabel:`Sport`, which all have their own unique customizations applied to them.
```

To change how these event templates appear on the *Template* drop-down field on an event form, users
can drag-and-drop them into any desired order, using the :guilabel:`six block` icons, located to the
left of each event template line on the :guilabel:`Event Templates` page.

.. seealso::
   To learn more about event forms, refer to the :doc:`create_events` documentation.

Create event template
=====================

There are two ways users can create and configure an event template in Odoo *Events*.

> Either navigate to :menuselection:`Events app --> Configuration --> Event Templates`, and click the
> :guilabel:`New` button in the upper-left corner. Doing so reveals a blank event template form that
> can be customized in a number of different ways.
> 
> Or, on an event form, start typing the name of a new event template in the *Template* field, and

Reviewer 2: Suggestion around grammar and presentation:
I'm pretty sure if we begin a sentence with the conjunction "either," we need to pair it with another conjunction like "or" since the word _either_ is meant to present two (or more) options.

Alternatively, these options can be put in numbered list (without the either/or condition), with a quick **bold label** in the beginning, for a different type of presentation:
```suggestion
#. **On the dashboard**, by navigating to :menuselection:`Events app --> Configuration --> Event
   Templates` and clicking the :guilabel:`New` button in the upper-left corner. Doing so reveals a
   blank event template form that can be customized in a number of different ways.
#. **On an event form itself.** Start by typing the name of a new event template in the *Template*
   field, and
```

at the top of the form.

Beneath that field, there is a series of selectable checkboxes, all of which are related to how the
event menu will be displayed on the event web page.

- :guilabel:`Website Submenu`: Odoo presents an event-specific submenu of selectable options that
  are related to that specific event. When this checkbox is ticked, every other checkbox in this
  series is automatically ticked, as well. Users can then choose to untick (deselect) any of the
  checkbox options, as desired.
- :guilabel:`Tracks Menu Item`: Adds a menu item to navigate to a page displaying all planned tracks
  for the event.
- :guilabel:`Track Proposals Menu Item`: adds a menu item to navigate to a page, in which visitors
  can fill out a customized form to propose a track (talk, lecture, presentation, etc.) to happen
  during the event.
- :guilabel:`Booth Menu Item`: adds a menu item that takes visitors to a separate page, where an
  event booth can be purchased. Event booths can be customized and configured in the
  :guilabel:`Booths` tab of the event template form, from the *Booth Categories* page

>   (:menuselection:`Events app --> Configuration --> Booth Categories`). But first, users **must**

Reviewer 2: Suggestion around presentation:
The "...**must** create a booth product" part could be an inline admonition block (note, important) inside the list, to further visually highlight the importance of making a product first.

  community rooms to meet with other attendees, and discuss various topics related to the event.
  When this checkbox is ticked, the :guilabel:`Allow Room Creation` feature becomes available.
- :guilabel:`Allow Room Creation`: allow visitors to create community rooms of their own.
- :guilabel:`Register Button`: adds a button at the end of the event submenu that takes visitors to
  the event-specific registration page when clicked.

Once the desired checkboxes have been ticked, select an approrpriate :guilabel:`Timezone` for the
event from the available drop-down menu.

Then, for organizational purposes, users have the option to add :guilabel:`Tags` to this event
template.

There is also the option to :guilabel:`Limit Registrations` to this specific event template by
ticking that checkbox. If ticked, proceed to enter the number of :guilabel:`Attendees` this template
should be limited to.

Beneath those general information fields at the top of the event template form, there are five tabs:

- :ref:`Tickets <events/event-tickets>`
- :ref:`Communication <events/event-communication>`
- :ref:`Booths <event_templates/event_template_form/booths>`
- :ref:`Questions <events/event-questions>`

> - :ref:`Notes <events/event-notes>`

Reviewer 2: I like what you did with this list 👍

Event templates
===============

The Odoo *Events* application provides the ability to customize and configure event templates, which
can be used to expedite the event-creation process.

These templates can be created and personalized in the application, and then selected from an event
form, in order to quickly apply a series of settings and elements to the new event, all of which can
be further modified, if needed.

Event templates page
====================

In the Odoo *Events* application, event templates can quickly be created and modified.

To begin, navigate to :menuselection:`Events app --> Configuration --> Event Templates`. Doing so
reveals the :guilabel:`Event Templates` page. Here, find all the existing event templates in the
database.

.. image:: event_templates/event-templates-page.png
   :align: center
   :alt: The Event Templates page in the Odoo Events application.

By default, Odoo provides three pre-configured event templates: :guilabel:`Exhibition`,
:guilabel:`Training`, and :guilabel:`Sport`, which all have their own unique customizations applied
to them.

To change how these event templates appear on the *Template* drop-down field on an event form,

> drag-and-drop them into any desired order, using the :guilabel:`six block` icons, located to the
> left of each event template line on the :guilabel:`Event Templates` page.

Reviewer 3: You can use the `oi-draggable` icon (_which is coming soon in a PR near you_ https://github.com/odoo/documentation/pull/9256), it will appear once the PR is merged :)
```suggestion
drag-and-drop them into any desired order, using the :icon:`oi-draggable` :guilabel:`(draggable)`
icon, located to the left of each event template line on the :guilabel:`Event Templates` page.
```

.. seealso::
   To learn more about event forms, refer to the :doc:`create_events` documentation.

Create event template
=====================

There are two ways to create and configure an event template in Odoo *Events*.

#. **On the dashboard**, by navigating to :menuselection:`Events app --> Configuration --> Event
   Templates` and clicking the :guilabel:`New` button in the upper-left corner. Doing so reveals a
   blank event template form that can be customized in a number of different ways.

> #. **On an event form itself.** Start by typing the name of a new event template in the *Template*

Reviewer 3: nitpick Period after formatting
```suggestion
#. **On an event form itself**. Start by typing the name of a new event template in the *Template*
```

   elements found on a standard event template form.

.. note::
   Clicking :guilabel:`Create "[template name]"` from the resulting drop-down menu, via the
   *Template* field on an event form creates the event template in the database, but does **not**
   present the user with the *Create Template* pop-up window.

   The event template would have to be modified, by selecting it on the *Event Templates* page
   (:menuselection:`Events app --> Configuration --> Event Templates`).

Event template form
-------------------

All the fields on a standard :guilabel:`Event Template` form are *also* on the *Create Template*
pop-up window, accessible via the *Template* field on an event form.

.. image:: event_templates/event-template-form.png
   :align: center
   :alt: A standard event template form in the Odoo Events application.

Start by providing the event template with a name in the :guilabel:`Event Template` field, located
at the top of the form.

Beneath that field, there is a series of selectable checkboxes, all of which are related to how the
event menu will be displayed on the event web page.

> - :guilabel:`Website Submenu`: Odoo presents an event-specific submenu of selectable options that
>   are related to that specific event. When this checkbox is ticked, every other checkbox in this
>   series is automatically ticked, as well. Then, choose to untick (deselect) any of the checkbox
>   options, as desired.
> - :guilabel:`Tracks Menu Item`: Adds a menu item to navigate to a page displaying all planned tracks
>   for the event.
> - :guilabel:`Track Proposals Menu Item`: adds a menu item to navigate to a page, in which visitors
>   can fill out a customized form to propose a track (talk, lecture, presentation, etc.) to happen
>   during the event.

Reviewer 3: Specificity and refer to submenu consistently :)
```suggestion
- :guilabel:`Website Submenu`: enables a submenu on the event's website. When this checkbox is
  ticked, every other checkbox in this series is automatically ticked, as well. Then, choose to
  untick (deselect) any of the checkbox options, as desired.
- :guilabel:`Tracks Menu Item`: adds a submenu item to navigate to a page displaying all planned
  tracks for the event.
- :guilabel:`Track Proposals Menu Item`: adds a submenu item to navigate to a page, in which
  visitors can fill out a form to propose a track (talk, lecture, presentation, etc.) to happen
  during the event.
```

> - :guilabel:`Booth Menu Item`: adds a menu item that takes visitors to a separate page, where an

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- :guilabel:`Booth Menu Item`: adds a submenu item that takes visitors to a separate page, where an
```

  event booth can be purchased. Event booths can be customized and configured in the
  :guilabel:`Booths` tab of the event template form, from the *Booth Categories* page
  (:menuselection:`Events app --> Configuration --> Booth Categories`).

  .. important::

>    First, users **must** create a booth product with the required *Event Booth* option set as the
>    :guilabel:`Product Type`on the product form.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
     First, users **must** create a booth product with the required *Event Booth* option set as the
     :guilabel:`Product Type` on the product form.
```

>   (:menuselection:`Events app --> Configuration --> Booth Categories`).
> 
>   .. important::
>    First, users **must** create a booth product with the required *Event Booth* option set as the
>    :guilabel:`Product Type`on the product form.
> 
> - :guilabel:`Exhibitors Menu Item`: adds a menu item that takes visitors to a separate page,

Reviewer 3: @ksc-odoo the build error is most likely due to this :)
```suggestion
  (:menuselection:`Events app --> Configuration --> Booth Categories`).

  .. important::
     First, users **must** create a booth product with the required *Event Booth* option set as the
     :guilabel:`Product Type`on the product form.

- :guilabel:`Exhibitors Menu Item`: adds a menu item that takes visitors to a separate page,
```

> - :guilabel:`Exhibitors Menu Item`: adds a menu item that takes visitors to a separate page,

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- :guilabel:`Exhibitors Menu Item`: adds a submenu item that takes visitors to a separate page,
```

  showcasing all the exhibitors related to that specific event. Icons representing those exhibitors
  are also found on the footer of every event-specific web page, as well.

> - :guilabel:`Community`: adds a menu item allowing attendees to access pre-configured virtual

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- :guilabel:`Community`: adds a submenu item allowing attendees to access pre-configured virtual
```

  community rooms to meet with other attendees, and discuss various topics related to the event.
  When this checkbox is ticked, the :guilabel:`Allow Room Creation` feature becomes available.
- :guilabel:`Allow Room Creation`: allow visitors to create community rooms of their own.
- :guilabel:`Register Button`: adds a button at the end of the event submenu that takes visitors to
  the event-specific registration page when clicked.

> Once the desired checkboxes have been ticked, select an approrpriate :guilabel:`Timezone` for the

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Once the desired checkboxes have been ticked, select an appropriate :guilabel:`Timezone` for the
```

event from the available drop-down menu.

Then, for organizational purposes, there is the option to add :guilabel:`Tags` to this event
template.

There is also the option to :guilabel:`Limit Registrations` to this specific event template by
ticking that checkbox. If ticked, proceed to enter the number of :guilabel:`Attendees` this template
should be limited to.

Beneath those general information fields at the top of the event template form, there are five tabs:

- :ref:`Tickets <events/event-tickets>`
- :ref:`Communication <events/event-communication>`

> - :ref:`Booths <event_templates/event_template_form/booths>`
> - :ref:`Questions <events/event-questions>`
> - :ref:`Notes <events/event-notes>`
> 
> .. _event_templates/event_template_form/booths:

Reviewer 3: Nitpick to simplify the custom anchor
```suggestion
- :ref:`Booths <event_templates/event_template/booths>`
- :ref:`Questions <events/event-questions>`
- :ref:`Notes <events/event-notes>`

.. _event_templates/event_template/booths:
```

Booths tab
~~~~~~~~~~

The :guilabel:`Booths` tab on an event template form is the only tab that differentiates itself from
a standard event form, where the other tabs (:guilabel:`Tickets`, :guilabel:`Communication`,
:guilabel:`Questions`, and :guilabel:`Notes`) are present and configured using the same process. For
more information about those tabs, refer to the :doc:`create_events` documentation.

.. important::
   To create a booth or booth category, an event booth product **must** be created in the database
   first, with the *Product Type* set to *Event Booth*. **Only** products with that specific
   configuration can be selected in the required *Product* field of a booth or booth category form.

.. note::
   Event booths can be created and customized in two ways in the Odoo *Events* application. Either
   in the :guilabel:`Booths` tab of an event template form, or by navigating to

>    :menuselection:`Events app --> Configuration --> Booth Categories`.

Reviewer 3: I _think_ you mean just Booths menu here, not Booth Categories :)
```suggestion
   :menuselection:`Events app --> Configuration --> Booth`.
```

   Booths` pop-up window. To accomplish that, type the name of the new booth category in the
   :guilabel:`Booth Category` field, and select either :guilabel:`Create` or :guilabel:`Create and
   edit...` from the resulting drop-down menu.

   Clicking :guilabel:`Create` merely creates the category, which can (and should be) customized at
   a later date. Clicking :guilabel:`Create and edit...` reveals a new :guilabel:`Create Booth
   Category` pop-up window, from which the category can be configured in a number of different ways.

   .. image:: event_templates/create-booth-category-popup.png
      :align: center
      :alt: The Create Booth Category pop-up window in the Odoo Events application.

   From this pop-up window, proceed to name the :guilabel:`Booth Category`, modify its
   :guilabel:`Booth Details` settings, configure its :guilabel:`Sponsorship` options (if
   applicable), and leave an optional :guilabel:`Description` to explain any pertinent details
   related to this specific category of booths.

   There is also the option to add a photo/visual representation of the booth category, via the

>    :guilabel:`camera` icon in the upper-right corner.

Reviewer 3: Icon label formatting :)
```suggestion
   :guilabel:`(camera)` icon in the upper-right corner.
```
